c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\bin\Debug\TestCaseManager.exe
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\bin\Debug\TestCaseManager.pdb
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.baml
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.baml
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.baml
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.g.cs
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.g.cs
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\TestCaseManager_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\TestCaseManager.g.resources
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\TestCaseManager.exe
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\TestCaseManager.pdb
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\TestCaseManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\Pages\AuthorizationHome.baml
c:\users\bvapt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestCaseManager\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\Pages\AuthorizationHome.g.cs
E:\Diploma\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\TestCaseManager.exe
E:\Diploma\TestCaseManager\obj\Debug\TestCaseManager.pdb
